Over a century ago, beings that prey
on humans suddenly appeared.
Their absolutely overwhelming strength...
...quickly pushed humanity
to the brink of extinction.
The surviving humans constructed
three walls: Maria, Rose, and Sina,
which brought them a century of peace.
However...
"Year 845 Shiganshina District"
Humanity was suddenly reminded...
...of the terror of being at their mercy...
Of the humiliation of being
trapped inside a cage...
They're inside!
Mom!
...Eren!
...Mikasa! Grab that end!
We gotta move this pillar!
Eren! Take Mikasa and run away!
Hurry!
I want to!
So hurry and get out of there!
The debris has crushed my legs...
Even if I could get out,
I wouldn't be able to run.
Can't you see?
I'll carry you, then!
Why don't you ever listen to your mother?!
You can at least do this one last thing!
Mikasa!
No...
No...!
Hannes!
Take the children and get out of here!
Don't go underestimatin' me, Carla.
I'm gonna slaughter these Titans
and save all three of ya!
Wait! Don't fight them!
Hey! Mr. Hannes!
What are you doing?!
Mom's still...!
Eren! Mikasa!
You have to survive!
Stop!
City districts like Shiganshina that
stick out in vital spots along the wall
serve to attract the Titans and streamline
security costs and troop numbers.
Performing true to its
role as a Titan target,
Shiganshina had but one inner gate
through which its citizens could flee.
What the...?
It's...!
Fire!
Several hours after the Colossal
Titan's appearance,
the Armored Titan bulldozed
through the wall's inner gate...
...shattering 100 years of peace.
Humanity abandoned one third of
their territory and fled Wall Maria.
You couldn't save your mother...
...because you lacked the strength.
I couldn't stand up to the Titan...
...because I lacked the courage!
I'm... going to...
Eren.
What's gotten into you, Eren?
Eren...
...drive them out!
I'm going to drive out...
...every last one from this world!
"Year 850 Trost District"
- "Year 850 Trost District"
- Give your hearts!
- Yes, Sir!
- "Year 850 Trost District" - You have three
options after you graduate from the Cadets today!
You have three options after you
graduate from the Cadets today!
The Garrison Regiment, which reinforces
the walls and protects each city!
The Scout Regiment, which risks life
and limb to venture outside the walls!
And the king's Military Police Regiment,
which polices the people and preserves order!
Of course, the only ones allowed
to join the Military Police
are the top ten cadets
who were previously named!
Five years have passed since then...
We've lost a third of our land
and 20% of our people,
but humanity is finally
regaining its dignity!
We can win! Humanity's fight
back is just beginning!
Oww! Hot!
What the...?!
Year 850.
Once again, humanity was threatened
by the Colossal Titan.
You cadets have successfully graduated!
You are now proper soldiers!
I have high hopes for
you in this operation!
Are you okay, Armin?!
I'm fine!
I'll calm down soon enough!
Still, this is bad!
We don't have the technology to
quickly seal an eight-meter-high hole!
Unless we seal the hole,
this city's as good as lost!
Armin!
Calm down! This isn't like last time!
Humanity won't give in
to the Titans anymore!
I'm sorry...
I'm all right...
That many Titans?!
An Abnormal!
Stop!
Huh...?
What the hell are you doing?!
...Eren!
...Get back here, damn it!
You're gonna pay for killing Thomas!
I won't let you get away! I won't!
Stop! Please don't!
Why...?
Why am I watching as my friends get eaten?
Why... can't I move...?
A-Armin...
Eren! Eren!
Eren!
According to this book, most of the world
is covered in water called a "sea"!
And this "sea" is entirely saltwater!
Salt?!
There's a lot more than loads of salt, too!
Fiery water! Lands of
ice! Sandy snowfields!
The outside world must be many times larger
than the inside of these walls!
I hope we can explore the
outside world too someday!
Eren!
I refuse to die here...
I have... to see it...
The outside world...!
Eren! Hurry!
We live in a cruel world.
A cruel world in which
only the victors live.
In such a world, Eren gave me
a place to call home.
Warm, isn't it?
That was something I
couldn't bear losing again.
Where's Eren?
Armin?
I'm sorry, Mikasa...
It should've been me, not Eren...
Armin.
Calm down.
Now isn't the time to be emotional.
Now get up.
If we eliminate the Titans
swarming around HQ,
we can replenish our gas supplies
and get over the wall.
Correct?
But even with your help,
there's just too many...
I can handle them.
Huh?!
I'm strong.
Stronger than all of you.
I'm very strong.
As such, I am capable of
annihilating the Titans there!
Even if I have to go it alone.
You're seriously gonna take on
all those Titans by yourself?!
There's no way you can beat them!
If I can't,
then I'll die. It's that simple.
But... If I win, I'll live.
And the only way to win is to fight!
Hey!
She's not her usual, composed self at all!
She's trying to distract herself
from her anguish!
Mikasa!
It's this again...
I've lost my family again...
Do I have to revisit this pain...
...and start all over from here again?
Huh?
Why?
I was sure I'd given up...
Why... am I standing up?
Why... am I struggling?
After all...
There's no point in living anymore...
So what's driving me?
Fight!
Fight! Fight!
Eren...
I'm sorry, Eren...
I won't give up anymore...
If I die...
...I'll lose my memories of you, too,
on top of everything else.
So... I'll do whatever it takes to win!
Whatever it takes to live!
What just happened?!
A Titan...
...is killing...
...another Titan...
I was completely confused.
But I also felt a faint glimmer of elation.
Because what I saw...
...looked like the manifestation
of humankind's anger.
Misaka!
Damn it!
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
I refuse to give up!
I'll drive them all out! Every last one!
By my own hand!
I'll drive you out of this world...
More... I'm going to...
...kill more of you...
Eren?
Before I knew it, I was surrounded
by soldiers I thought were comrades.
It felt as if they were
looking at a monster...
...while brandishing weapons
made to kill Titans.
I can't remember how I got here,
but no matter what,
I refuse for this to be how I die!
Eren! Armin!
Head up the wall!
Eren.
When I get back, I'll show you the basement
that I've kept secret all this time.
Keep this key on you at all times.
And every time you see it, remember.
Remember that you must visit that basement!
You'll understand the truth someday
if you visit the basement!
It will be a harsh, painful journey...
...but you must reach it!
If you want to save Mikasa,
Armin, and everyone else...
...you must learn to control this ability!
Using his Titan powers,
Eren protected Mikasa and me.
As the situation took a turn for the worse,
he had faith in me and
entrusted everything to me.
"Eren isn't an enemy of humanity."
Using those words, I so proclaimed, but...
That's enough.
I see you're still as delicate as
a young deer, despite your size.
But the one who saved us
was the top officer in charge of the entire
southern territory, Commander Pyxis.
He listened to my idea and
immediately put a plan into motion.
Attention!
I will now explain to you the details
of the Trost Recovery Operation!
He is the successful result of our
top-secret Titan transformation experiments!
In Titan form, he will lift that
giant rock near the front gate,
carry it to the wrecked gate,
and seal the hole!
As for you,
you're to defend him from the other
Titans while he carries the rock!
Should this operation succeed,
humanity will have taken back land
from the Titans for the very first time!
For humankind, that single, small step...
...will be a great leap forward!
Eren! Don't you recognize me?!
I'm Mikasa! Part of your family!
Dodge, Ackermann!
What the hell?!
He's just a regular, dumb Titan!
Change of plans!
We're to defend Jaeger from the other
Titans until we can recover him!
He holds a precious chance for humanity.
Where am I?
I'm home...
Mikasa!
What happened to the plan?!
It's failed!
We're fighting because we
can't leave Eren behind!
But there are too many Titans...
At this rate, we'll be wiped out!
From the back of the head
to the nape of the neck...
...one meter high and
ten centimeters across!
Eren... Answer me...
Even though just one step outside
the wall lies a hellish world...
Why did you want to venture
into the outside world?!
Why?
Because...
...I was born in this world!
Eren!
We can't go on, Captain!
It's just us now!
We gotta give Eren
backup! Keep 'em off him!
This way!
Come get me!
Why did you want to venture
into the outside world?
From the moment we're born, we're all...
...free...
Some might try to deny that, but it
doesn't matter how strong they are!
Fiery waters... Lands of ice...
Or whatever else!
Whoever gets to see those things...
...will have the greatest freedom
this world has to offer!
Fight!
If anything is worth giving
your life, it's that!
It doesn't matter how terrifying
the world may be!
It doesn't matter how
cruel the world may be!
Fight! Fight!
Fight!
Go, Eren!
Everyone...
Your deaths weren't in vain...
Today, for the first time in history...
...humanity has beaten the Titans!
207 people were dead or missing,
and 897 were injured.
Although this was the first time humanity
had stopped a Titan invasion,
far too many people had been lost
to celebrate this historic achievement.
Are you...
...Marco?
I'm sorry...
It's no use apologizing.
We need to hurry and give them a funeral.
Commander Erwin, the head of
the Scouts Regiment's Task Force...
...and Captain Levi!
Dr. Jaeger's basement,
in your home in Shiganshina...
A secret surrounding the
Titans is there, correct?
Yes. I think so.
That's what my father said.
If we want to check out your home,
we'll need to take back Shiganshina
District along Wall Maria.
Sealing the damaged gate there
would be the best way to accomplish that.
Which means we'll need your Titan ability.
Your intentions are the key.
The key to saving
humankind from this despair.
I'm...
I'm going to drive out...
...every last one from this world!
Hey. Answer the damn question, you twit.
What do you want to do?
I want to join the Scouts...
...and slaughter every Titan I can!
Ah. Not bad.
Erwin. I'll take responsibility for him.
Let the higher-ups know.
I don't necessarily trust him, though.
If he betrays us or goes out of control,
I'll kill him on the spot.
You're in.
I'll make you a member of the Scouts.
The Scout Regiment's Special
Operations Squad... aka Levi Squad.
They're the Scout's best of the best...
Elites chosen by Levi himself.
With them, I prepared for the
expedition outside the walls.
But around then, an incident occurred.
Sawney! Beane!
No... Tell me this isn't happening!
They were such valuable test subjects...
Did soldiers do this?
Yeah. They haven't found who's responsible.
The Titans that Section Commander Hange
captured alive for research
had been killed by someone.
What do you see here?
What do you think the enemy is?
Huh?
Sorry. That was a strange thing to ask.
The investigation that followed failed
to identify who killed the Titans.
But after Mikasa, Armin, and our
classmates decided their regiments,
the day was upon us.
Now commencing the 57th
Exterior Scouting Mission!
Move out!
Mr. Oruo!
Do you think they... my classmates...
Can beat the Titans in a fight?
Huh? What the hell did you just
spend this last month doing?!
Listen, kid!
Outside scouting missions are about
fighting Titans as little as possi...
Assume long-range scouting formation!
The expedition was meant to pave a route
to Shiganshina and Eren's house.
However, it had a second objective,
which Erwin kept secret to all but a few.
The arrival of a single Titan
caused a rapid turn of events.
Armin!
This one's way more athletic
than the other ones!
I'm dead!
Jean! Avenge that suicidal maniac!
She stopped?
It was her! She killed him!
He got himself killed in the right wing!
Avenge that suicidal maniac!
Reiner...
Draw your swords.
If it shows itself,
we'll only have a moment.
You're not going anywhere!
Eren! Focus ahead and keep moving!
Are you saying to run
away and abandon them?!
Yes! I am!
I don't understand why
we're letting them die!
The captain decided you don't need to know!
Why should I always have to rely on others?
I can just fight on my own!
What are you doing, Eren?!
You're only permitted to do that
when your life is in danger!
That was our agreement, remember?!
Eren!
You're not in the wrong.
If you wanna do it, do it.
I can tell.
He's a real monster, and not
because of his Titan ability.
Choose.
Will you trust yourself, or me, these guys,
and the entire Scout Regiment?
I don't know the right
choice. I never have.
Whether I trusted myself or the choices
of my dependable comrades,
there was no telling
how things would turn out.
So, just do the best you can... and
choose whichever you'll regret the least.
I'll go with you!
Let go!
I'm sorry!
Keep moving! We need to outrun it!
Fire!
The true goal of Erwin's plan was
to capture an Intelligent Titan...
...using Eren to draw them out.
With their capture, he hoped to
reveal the secrets of the Titans.
However...
This goes to show... that the enemy
was prepared to throw away everything.
I never imagined our target would
resort to Titan cannibalization
to dispose of information...
Captain Levi?
No... It's not!
Who are you?!
Mr. Gunther!
Eren! Don't stop!
Keep moving!
But Mr. Gunther is...!
Who's that?!
Protect Eren!
Is it the Female's operator?!
You're going down,
even if I have to die, too!
If the enemy can remain able-bodied...
...it's possible it can make
the Titan reappear, too.
Damn... How could you?!
This time I will kill her myself!
No!
The three of us will take her down!
You just keep heading
for HQ as fast as you can!
We've blinded her!
She should be in complete darkness
for at least a minute!
We're going to carve you up...
...and lop your arms...
...off!
They're down!
Next is the neck!
Eld!
Only one eye?!
She healed just one eye quicker?!
Petra! Hurry!
You're dead!
What? Why didn't my blades penetrate it?
I'm going to...
...kill her!
That roar... Don't tell me it's...!
I made the wrong choice...
...because I wanted to trust my teammates!
If only I believed in myself
and fought from the start...!
If only I had killed her
from the very start...
...then everyone might still be alive!
With the failure of the 57th
Exterior Scouting Mission,
Erwin and the others in charge
were summoned to the capital...
...and were ordered to hand over Eren.
We believe we've found
who the Female Titan is.
We will capture her this time.
We do it the day after tomorrow,
while passing through Stohess District
on our way to the capital.
The target is a member
of the Military Police.
The Military Police?
She might have trained with you
in the 104th Cadet Corps.
The name of the girl we believe
to be the Female Titan...
Y-You can't be serious...
...is Annie Leonhart.
Eren!
It was Armin who identified her.
The Female Titan knew what
you looked like from the start.
Plus, she reacted to your nickname
of "suicidal maniac,"
something only our classmates would know.
The biggest reason, though,
is that I believe she killed the
test subjects Sawney and Beane.
Killing them would've required real skill,
so she would've used the ODM gear
she'd become accustomed to.
Yeah,
but they held that equipment inspection.
Annie's was fine.
Because she presented Marco's gear.
Eren.
Does this talk about Annie ring any bells?
You know, don't you?
You know the Female Titan is Annie.
I know.
I failed before...
...when I clung to my friends
and the bond we shared...
Think back...
I'm going... to wipe them out...!
No...
Slaughter them!
There's no time to think
whether it's right or wrong!
Just act!
Don't try to end things all nice and neat!
Yes...
Mikasa!
We live in a cruel world!
Eren!
Eren...
Annie...
You always acted like everything bored you.
The only time you
ever seemed full of life...
...was when you showed
off your fighting moves!
Whoa...
Annie...
All I ask of you... is one thing...
Even if you turn the whole world
against you, it's okay.
So promise me...
...that you'll come back...
Huh? What's he doing?
They're merging?!
Don't go eatin' our key evidence,
you idiot...
Annie was crying.
After seeing her like that,
I completely froze up.
Seems the plan wasn't much of a success.
No, I'd say the Scout Regiment's
in the clear now. Just barely.
Let's hope so...
H-Hey, is that...
...a Titan?!
What's that in the wall?
It can't be!
Was that there just by coincidence?
Or does this mean...?!
Pastor Nick?
Whatever you do...
Do not let the sunlight touch that Titan!
From then on, things unheard of
began to happen, one after another.
Tell me, what is that weapon called?
That thing on your waist that flies around.
Wel... come... home...
Did you follow the wall here, too?
Yeah.
Where did you find the hole?
Huh?
Despite no reports of holes in the wall,
Titans appeared out of nowhere
in increasing numbers.
Meanwhile, Pastor Nick of the Order
of the Walls broke his silence
about the walls' secrets
he swore to take to the grave.
I can tell you the name of one whom
the sacred will instructed us to monitor.
Monitor?
That person has joined the Scout
Regiment as of this year.
Their name is...
Quit it, Christa!
The tower's about to crumble!
You'll fall!
But they're dying in our place!
...Nanaba...
...No! No! ...Nanaba...
...No! No! ...And Gelgar...
Father, stop!
Father!
I'm sorry! No, don't!
Father! No!
She's the smallest one of us.
She's got long golden hair.
Um, and...
She's cute.
She's always hanging around Ymir.
Huh? Ymir?
Here.
Thanks.
What do you want it for?
Hmm?
I'm going to fight with this.
Ymir...
Christa.
I have no right to tell you
how to live your life.
So actually, this is nothing more
than a hope of mine...
I want you... to live
a life you're proud of.
Ymir! Wait!
Ymir!
Attacked by Titans at Utgard Castle,
Christa and the others were saved...
...by someone who could turn into a Titan
like Eren... a comrade from the 104th.
It can't be...
Ymir is...
Ymir...
My real name...
...is Historia.
And once again, there was
a drastic turn of events.
Annie's?
Yeah.
There were two others belonging to the 104th
Cadet Corps who came from the same area as her.
Reiner Braun... and Bertholdt Hoover.
As their comrade,
I'd find it hard to believe.
Set aside Bertholdt, who doesn't say much.
Reiner is like everyone's big brother, and
he's not devious enough to deceive all of us.
I agree.
Reiner gave everything he had
fighting the Female Titan with me.
He would have gotten crushed
in her hand if he hadn't...
What's wrong?
Reiner managed to escape, but...
...Annie suddenly changed her course...
...and ran in the direction of Eren.
When that happened, the Female Titan
was staring into her palm.
He might have written a message
with his blades in her hand.
Reiner could've...
Eren.
Have a minute?
We need to talk.
What about?
Five years ago, we demolished the wall
and began our attack on humanity.
Oh, no... What if there's a Titan
that dug a hole underneath the wall?
The hole will be hard to find in that case.
I'm the Armored Titan
and he's the Colossal Titan.
Right now, we need to focus
on getting Ymir back safely.
Even with horses, we still have
to worry about Titans.
Huh?
What are you talking about?
Why are you telling him, Reiner?
Our primary goal was to ensure
all of humanity was wiped out,
but now there's no need for that.
Eren.
If you agree to come with us, we won't
have to destroy any more of the walls.
You understand, right?
Huh?
Hey! We're leaving!
You're just tired, aren't you?
Besides, if you were really the Armored
Titan that wants to destroy humanity...
...why would you be asking me
this in the first place?
What did you think would happen?
That I'd nod and say "Sure, let's go"?
Oh, right.
That's right.
What the hell was I thinking?
It's too late now... I don't know
what's right anymore.
But the only choice for me now...
...is to face the
consequences of my actions...
...and as a warrior...
...fulfill my duty to the bitter end!
We settle this! Right here, right now!
Eren! Run!
Eren! Get out of there!
Ymir!
I'm going to return to
the hometown we lost.
That's all I care about now.
Bertholdt...
Reiner...
You damn traitors!
Mikasa?
Armin! Where's Eren?!
Mikasa, calm down!
You shouldn't be moving!
We don't know how badly you're injured!
Where is he?!
Eren was taken away.
Ymir, too, by Bertholdt and Reiner.
Eren... He lost to the Armored Titan.
It's been five hours since then.
Is anyone...?
Is anyone chasing them?
No...
Hey, Armin.
Why?
Why does Eren always go
somewhere far away from us?
Yeah, now that you mention it...
Eren has always run off on his own,
leaving us behind...
I guess that's just the way things are
meant to happen... for Eren at least.
But all I want... is to be at his side.
Mikasa? So you're up, huh?
I bet you're hungry.
Here, eat this.
Armin, catch.
As usual, field rations are all there is.
Hmm...
Tastes neither good
nor bad. Same as always.
Speaking of which,
this is the same as always, too.
Ever since the good old days, you two have
been there to clean up the mess of that brat.
That's what I call a lousy
relationship. Sheesh.
I loved those good old days.
If you asked Eren, he'd say those days
were nothing more than a false peace.
But for me, I'm more than happy
to be a drunk, useless soldier.
If it means getting back those plain,
ordinary days, I'll do whatever I have to.
No matter how long it takes to get there.
I'm coming, too.
Without you three together again,
I can't bring back the good old days.
For now,
let's get to a place without Titans!
We need to get as far away as possible!
My Titan form isn't very fast.
If I get surrounded, I won't
be able to protect you guys!
Then why didn't we
just wait until nightfall?!
Smoke signals? Did the
Scouts come to rescue us?
It must be Commander Erwin.
A tough opponent!
Shit... They're already that close?
A light?
Soldiers, disperse!
Locate Eren and recover him!
Advance!
Commander Erwin!
Eren is just ahead!
Advance!
All soldiers, retreat!
Eren! Mikasa!
Eren!
Hannes!
You just watch.
I'm about to avenge your mother
and butcher the shit out of this!
Hannes!
Christa!
Conny, that's wrong.
My name is Historia.
Ymir...
You're the one who said it,
so listen to yourself!
Stop living for other people!
From now on, let's live for
nobody but ourselves!
What's wrong?!
Eren!
Right now...
...I've gotta become a Titan...
...or it's all for nothing!
Eren...
Nothing changed!
You haven't changed one bit, dammit!
You're still as useless as you ever were!
Nothing changed!
Mom...
I still... can't do anything at all.
Eren...
That's not true.
I need to tell you something.
You've always... been at my side.
Thank you.
You showed me... how to live with purpose.
And you...
You wrapped this scarf around me.
Thank you.
I'll wrap that around you...
as many times as you want.
Now and forever... as much as you want!
Dunno what's going on,
but now's our chance!
Let's hurry and run!
Right!
So that's how it is...
That's why Reiner was
so desperate for Eren.
Which means, even inside the walls...
...there's a future.
This is the worst...
Why did the Coordinate have to fall into
the hands of the worst person imaginable?
We've gotta get it back...
I can say... without a doubt...
...the one person in the world
I wouldn't want to have it...
...is you, Eren!
Get away from me!
You bastards! I'll kill you all!
Not good! Bertholdt!
Eren!
Get on!
Armin!
Hurry!
Don't let this chance escape!
Full retreat!
Ymir!
Hey, ugly! What are you doing?!
We're heading back!
I sorry...
Huh?
Ymir! Where are you going?!
...Leave her! ...But Ymir is...
In that moment, I couldn't understand
the motivation behind Ymir's actions...
...but the Armored Titan
didn't pursue us any further.
"Trost District"
- "Trost District" - Say again?
The Titans responsible for this incident...
were the citizens of Ragako?
In other words,
the true identity of Titans...
...is humans?
We don't... have proof yet.
Erwin.
Hey. Tell me.
The hell you smiling for?
Soon after, Pastor Nick, who revealed
Historia's identity, was murdered.
The government put a freeze
on all Scout activity as well.
And after apprehending Erwin,
they ordered the Scouts to
hand over Eren and Historia.
The plan to plug the wall with his Titan
powers was regrettably put on hold.
Watch out!
Behind us!
A-Armi...
I mean, Christa and Eren!
They got snatched away again!
Will it really work?
He looks absolutely nothing like me...
That horse face? Yeah right...
Yeah? You like that? Let me hear you moan.
Well? How's that? Doesn't it feel good?
I'm just dying to hear
your cute little voice.
This is why I didn't wanna go
through this shit a second time!
Screw being his body double!
Hey! Get outta the way!
Something is wrong...
The Military Police can't be behind this.
They're far too arrogant.
They wouldn't use amateurs.
Nifa,
have you heard about Kenny the Ripper?
The mass-murderer in the capital?
The one that slit the throats
of over 100 Military Police?
That's just an urban legend
from years ago, right?
He is real, and the stories are true.
Huh?
I lived with him for a
while when I was a kid.
What? Why would you even say that?
This isn't the time to be making jokes.
Nifa!
Yo, Levi.
You grown any yet?
Kenny!
Kaboom!
Historia!
Eren!
Shit! They predicted every
last one of our movements!
Oof!
Shit... If this keeps up, I'll lose
my team, Eren, and Historia, too.
Tsk!
Ain't that the damnedest thing! I
smell a filthy rat coming from this bar...
Come out, you little rodent...
Found ya!
The law has come to exterminate the vermin!
Bang! Bang!
Eek!
The hell?! Ain't you here?!
Right here, Kenny. It's been a while.
Never thought you'd still be alive.
I been looking forward
to seeing you in action.
Never thought all those tricks I taught you
would be helping you out like this.
We had no choice but to survive
in that garbage dump.
It took all we had each day to keep livin'.
And when we found out how big the world
really was, you can bet it hurt like hell.
But something saved us...
We'd found something we
wanted to do. It's that simple.
It's simple, but the truth is...
The only thing that made our lives
fulfilling was finding hobbies.
Hobbies? So is blowing the heads
off my team another hobby of yours?
Yup... To achieve my grand goals,
I'll kill as much as I have to.
You're no different.
You kill when it benefits you, too.
Yeah...
Wait!
Captain...
Gunshots!
...Huh? ...From there!
I heard a bunch of shots!
You think something happened?
Most likely.
The Captain had this message for us...
From now on, we'll be fighting
humans, too, and not just Titans.
Please forgive me for everything.
In order to protect you,
I had no other choice.
F-Father...
You're special... Royal
blood runs through you.
It... does?
Our Reiss family is the true royal line.
And because you're special, you're the one
and only person who can save all of humanity.
Now, let us go, Historia.
To the place it all began...
Having learned Reiss was the true
royal family, Erwin led a coup d'tat.
Together with Zachary,
the head of all regiments,
he dismantled the government in power.
As far as humanity's concerned, we should
have let the government do as they please.
Like Commander Pyxis was saying,
they've somehow devised a means
of keeping humanity alive until now.
Should I have let Eren go,
risked my comrade's lives,
given up both my life and my duty,
and entrusted it all to the government?
If humanity is more precious
than one single life...
Your duty is as painful as ever.
Dying seems a far easier option.
In that case, why didn't you do as you say?
I...
...have a dream.
One I've had since I was a child...
Before the night is over,
we'll have soldiers all over Reiss' land.
Unfortunately, I doubt
he'll be waiting that long.
If we don't hurry and get there,
Eren may end up being eaten.
Eren overheard Ymir
and Bertholdt talking...
If a Titan eats a person who can change into
a Titan and thus inherits their powers...
If that's actually true...
When and how did Eren become a Titan,
and who did he eat to gain his powers?
At one time, I had five children.
But my wife, all of my children,
Frieda included,
were killed five years ago
by his father, Grisha Jaeger.
Five years ago, my dad was
superior to all other Titans.
He ate Historia's sister
and stole her power...
...and then I... ate my dad.
Dad?
Now, that power resides within Eren.
However, that power...
It can't truly manifest unless the blood
of the Reiss family runs through them.
As long as he remains
a vessel for that power...
...this hell will forever continue.
Eh?
Then...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Kenny.
So unless it's a Reiss who eats Eren,
they can't become a true King?
That is correct.
Th-Then... Even if I turn into a Titan
and eat Eren, it'll mean nothin'?
I see now...
My Titan powers... It was pointless
for me to ever have them.
It was my dad who started this hell
that's stolen so many lives.
I can never atone for it all.
It shouldn't have happened...
Those days of training...
That dream beyond the walls...
I... shouldn't have happened.
You both become Titans and have at it.
If Historia wins, you'll have your peace.
But if you lose to Eren,
the situation stays the same.
Keep drawing breath till I run out and die?
Can you even call that livin'?!
Father...
Why didn't the Reiss family...
in that whole 100 years...
...eliminate the Titans
and liberate humanity?
All while possessing the power
to control all the Titans...
Because, the first Reiss King who
built this world within the walls...
...wished for us to be
controlled by the Titans.
The First King believed that was
the only path to true peace.
Christa.
I want you... to live
a life you're proud of.
Historia!
God, my ass! You're just giving yourself
an out and manipulating other people!
I've had it! I won't let you kill me!
Father...
Uri...
Frieda...
Wait for me...
I'll... now...
Historia!
You okay?
Mikasa!
Captain? You guys...
Conny, hurry!
Forget about me!
Captain! Hurry and escape!
He's loose!
Get back!
I'm sorry, everyone...
I've been nothing but useless...
Ever since the very beginning,
I was never the hope of humanity...
Armor?
What's this? Think you're some tragic hero?
When have you ever accomplished
anything by your strength alone?
What a weakling.
We've been through much worse than this.
Not that I wanna get used to it!
I'll take Eren.
It's useless.
We can't escape.
So do nothing?
You wanna sit here and hold hands
till we're crushed or burn to death?
You know, I hate doing this
to you every time, but...
Eren.
You've gotta make the choice.
I'll go with you!
Eren!
I'm sorry...
Since it's the end, just this once...
...I want you to let me...
Let me believe in myself!
Everyone! Get underneath Eren!
Rod Reiss became a Titan,
demolishing the chapel before
crawling towards Orvud District.
Within the blast, Eren had succeeded
in hardening for the first time.
Historia.
Forgot to tell you...
We need you to do something.
Yes?
Erwin's orders.
When this battle is over, since you're
the true successor to the throne...
...become the Queen.
Eh?
Huh?
Q-Queen?!
The coup d'tat was successful, but the people
won't follow a regiment sitting at the top.
What we need is a story to spread.
That a true heir retook
the crown from the fake.
I...
My next duty is to be Queen, right?
Understood.
Historia...
Captain, I do have one condition.
Hmm?
Since my fate is my own,
I want to lay it all on the line.
What the hell are you thinking, Erwin?!
Keep the citizens in the city
without evacuating?!
By the time it's dawn,
that Titan will be all over us!
The target Titan is strangely attracted
to high concentrations of people.
Hence, Abnormal.
- "Capital Mitras" "Orvud District" - If right now,
you were to evacuate the citizens within Wall Sina,
- "Capital Mitras" "Orvud District" - it would be drawn
towards them, destroying the wall and all in its path.
If we are to stop that Titan, we must do so
outside the walls of Orvud District.
Wall-mounted cannons should
prove highly effective, but...
If that's not enough to bring it down...
The Scout Regiment will throw
everything we have at it.
Hey.
The kids in this city remind me...
...of us on that day.
Yeah...
Nobody thinks today is the day
a Titan bigger than the wall attacks.
They might end up seeing
the same sight as we did that day.
But there's one big difference.
Atop the walls,
soldiers stand to face the Titan.
And that would be us.
Yeah, stack it up on the edge.
Eren.
There's no time to stop.
Keep your hands busy.
Eren!
Wh-Whoa!
What are you doing?!
Making a wound?
It's too early for that!
No...
Just beating the shit
out of a useless brat.
I hope he's dead and gone for good.
Fire!
Historia's become incredibly strong.
I thought she was the weak one,
but I was wrong.
The weak one was me.
Let the attack...
...commence!
Eren!
All troops! Finish it off with ODM gear!
It may be gigantic,
but its vitals are still one meter high
and ten centimeters across.
Unless we destroy the main body,
it will regenerate and form
another shield of heat.
We've only got one shot.
Hot!
Shit! Which is it?!
Historia?!
I understand your reasons, but...
I can't approve you entering combat.
Commander, please!
I've finally grasped the duty
I was meant to fulfill!
That's why I'm here right now!
I'm sorry for being so selfish.
But this is the first time
I've gone against my parents...
This is my first fight... with my father.
Father!
Listen to me, Father!
...We can kill the Titans,
once and for all!
...You know I'll be fine, Brother...We
can kill the Titans, once and for all!
Alma,
you're the only one who understands me...
Oh, God...
Were you the one who
dealt the finishing blow?
Was that all... my imagination?
Am I... really...
...acting on my own accord?
But...
The one always going with the flow is...
...without a doubt, me.
I am...
I am Historia Reiss.
The true ruler of the walls.
Kenny.
With those burns and that blood loss...
...there's no helping you now.
Yeah?
I wonder...
I swiped this little one
right out of Rod's bag.
Seems if I inject this...
I'll turn into a Titan.
You've had the time and
strength to inject yourself.
Why haven't you?
Yeah... I... don't wanna die...
...and wanted power.
But... I see...
Huh?
Everybody I've met... was all the same.
Drinking...
Women...
Worshiping God, even...
Everyone had to be drunk on
somethin' to keep pushing on...
Everyone... was a slave to somethin'.
Even him...
A-And what are you?
A hero?!
Kenny.
Tell me everything you know!
Why doesn't the First King
want humanity to survive?!
Beats me...
But... we Ackermann's...
...opposed him... for that reason.
My last name seems to be Ackermann, too.
You...
What were you to my mother?
Heh, you idiot...
Just her brother.
That day... why?
Why did you leave me?
Because...
...I'm not meant to be...
...someone's father...
"2 Months Later"
The final operation to retake Wall Maria...
...will now commence!
Now possessing the invaluable
weapon of Titan hardening,
the Scouts returned to Shiganshina,
the place it all began.
However...
Keep on the lookout!
Locate his allies!
We're both hoping for the same thing...
To settle it here once and for all.
Humanity or Titans?!
Which side will live?!
Which side will perish?!
This is...
...where I...
...where we once called home!
I'm taking it back!
I'll slaughter you all...
and take back what you stole!
Using the new Thunder Spears,
the Scouts had driven the
Armored Titan into a corner,
but the enemy's counterattack
was way beyond their expectations.
The signal!
Tsk!
Reiner!
Hange!
Shit...
Eren! Go stop his lanky legs!
Armin,
we need you to observe him from afar.
We gotta believe there's a way to beat him!
Now! Scatter!
What?
Eren!
Hey! The horse got away!
That was your job!
Shut up! Like it matters?!
Excuse me?!
Those Scouts were insanely strong
and they died in an instant!
You know as well as I do!
What good is protecting horses...
...when there's nobody
left to ride them home?!
If the plan goes well, you may be able
to take down the Beast Titan.
But it will take the recruits...
...and myself to give our lives.
For this to work...
To ask these young ones to die,
it would take an expert con man
and a whole slew of lies.
If I do not lead the vanguard,
none of them will follow.
And I will die before anyone else.
Without ever learning
what's in the basement...
Huh?
I...
I want to go to the basement.
Everything I've done till now...
...was because I thought
this day would come.
But, Levi...
Can you see them? Our comrades?
Our comrades are looking at us.
They want to know what became
of the hearts they gave.
You've fought well.
It's all thanks to you
that we've come this far.
I'm making the choice.
Give up on your dream and die.
Lead the recruits straight into hell.
I will take down the Beast Titan.
Charge!
A suicide charge?
Here I was thinking they could
do better than that...
Now! Fire!
I'm announcing our final operation!
We'll wait until he's ready to throw
and fire our smoke signals together.
That should reduce his accuracy somewhat.
While we're acting as a decoy,
Captain Levi will kill the Beast Titan.
That is our plan.
What?
You want me to go after
him with just ODM gear?
He's standing in an empty area.
There's not even a house or tree in sight.
Wrong...
There happens to be a line of objects
at just the right height.
Sneak close using the Titans...
...and assassinate the Beast Titan.
I'm sorry...
We die trusting the living who follow
to find meaning in our lives!
That is the sole method in which
we can rebel against this cruel world!
My soldiers, rage!
My soldiers, scream!
My soldiers, fight!
I have a plan.
You all need to draw Reiner away.
Eren and I will defeat Bertholdt ourselves.
The two of us can win
and I'm going to prove it.
All right.
Hmm?
What's that?
My Titans have fallen...
Huh?
I need to watch out for a single soldier?
Yes. Captain Levi is dangerous.
Is this Levi?
My nape!
What the...?
I can't see a thing!
Did he take out my eyes?
My legs!
What happened to all
that fun you were having?!
Tsk! I'll harden!
Shoot, I won't make it!
Come on, let's try to enjoy this!
Isn't anyone out there still alive?
If they are, even on the brink of death,
this injection will make them a Titan.
For some reason,
when I think of the outside world...
...courage flows through me.
Eren, wake up!
Let's go look at the sea!
Wait...
I made a promise to him...
...that I'd kill you no matter what.
I promised!
Shit...
Eren!
Armin...
All the way to the very end...
...you fought well.
Why?
I can't blow Armin away...
I knew it...
His bones aren't being consumed!
The anchors stay put
if they're not in muscle!
But most importantly, he can't move
his body while he's emitting steam!
But, Armin... is this how you go out?
In all your wisdom, the best plan
you could come up with...
...was to get scorched to death like this?
I can't breathe! I have to let go...
No! Not yet!
It's not enough!
I've gotta buy more time!
What's he trying to
accomplish? A diversion?
But Eren's still beat to a pulp over there.
I'll make it quick for you.
Hold on!
Don't let go!
I entrust it to Eren!
My dreams... My life... Everything!
This is the one and
only thing I have to give!
I'm sure...
...Eren will...
...reach... the sea...!
He'll look at...
...the sea for me!
It's over...
Hardening...?
Gotcha!
Eren... You should know.
We promised to go to the sea together,
right?
Have I ever lied to you in my life?
Armin...
Why... don't you run away?
A Titan?
You just try coming closer!
Make one move to take him and he's dead!
Are you...
...Eren Jaeger?
If nothing else, I'm taking him with me!
You look nothing like your father.
My... dad?
Argh... You're kidding me!
He chased me all the way here?
Eren! Someday,
I'm coming back to rescue you!
He ran?
Captain!
That was the last of my gas.
I'll chase him! Hand
over your gas and blades!
Right!
Hurry!
Today, I would like to explain...
...how we're going to get maximum
value from this injection.
The one injected with
this will become a Titan,
and eat someone who can change
into a Titan like Eren can.
By doing so, although they would initially
be a Titan lacking intelligence,
they would revert into a human
able to wield that Titan's powers.
Furthermore, we'll be able to revive
a person on the brink of death.
We have only this one injection.
I'm entrusting the call to
use it with Captain Levi.
Yeah! Keep it up!
Armin's breathing again!
Come on! Just keep on breathing!
Armin?
Captain! Get the syringe!
Make Armin into a Titan
and we'll have him eat Bertholdt!
Hurry up and inject him!
Yeah...
Captain... Levi...
I finally found you.
Commander Erwin is badly wounded!
His stomach is gouged...
and his organs are demolished!
The blood just won't stop!
I thought that injection might
be able to help, but...
What do you think?
Huh?
I'm using the injection... on Erwin.
You should know as well as I do!
Without Erwin's talent,
humanity can't beat the Titans!
It's... no different if we lose... Armin.
Eren!
Hasn't it... always been like that?
He's the reason why we saved Trost
by plugging it with a rock.
He revealed Annie's identity.
The only reason we defeated Bertholdt...
...was all because of Armin!
The one who's gonna save humanity
isn't me or the commander!
It's Armin!
The one who will save humanity...
is Commander Erwin.
When I found the commander alive,
I was about to finish him off.
But... that's going too easy on him.
I thought to myself that he ought
to taste more of this hell.
Hange...
Hey... You've got to be... kidding me...
No way...
Captain...
Do you... know about... the sea?
No matter how far you look,
it stretches past the horizon.
It's a gigantic lake.
Armin said...
Hey! Cut it out!
There's a sea beyond the walls...
...and he said we'd go there together!
Armin cares about more than just fighting!
He has dreams!
Everyone get out of here!
I'm going to have Erwin eat Bertholdt!
Come on. Let's go, Mikasa.
Let's start by seeing the sea!
You'll see! It does exist!
I...
I want to go to the basement.
Good grief.
They're all the same...
Whining like brats one after another...
Everyone had to be drunk on
somethin' to keep pushing on...
Everyone... was a slave to somethin'.
But there's more than that.
The sea...
Erwin!
Teacher...
How do we know there're not more humans...
...outside the walls?
Levi...
Thank you.
Captain...
Why... did you...?
Do you think... you can forgive him?
He had no choice but to become a devil.
It was us who wished for that.
And in the end, when he had
finally been set free from hell,
we wanted to bring him back once more.
But I think... it's time to let him rest.
Why... did you pick me?
No matter how you look at it,
wasn't Commander Erwin
the right one to bring back?
The final decision to choose you was mine.
No...
I chose this to be the
place where Erwin dies.
I...
...have a dream.
One I've had since I was a child...
There will come a moment when
we learn the truth of our world...
...and I must be there for it.
Is it that important to you?
More than your legs?
Yes.
More than humanity's victory?
Right here.
Under this are the stairs to the basement.
Good.
It opened.
This is... a portrait?
Let me see that.
That's Dr. Jaeger's writing.
"This is no illustration.
Instead, this uses light
reflected off a subject
and burns the image on special paper.
It's called a photograph.
I come from a place"...
...outside the walls where
humanity lives in elegance.
Humanity has not perished.
I was born into a race known as "Eldian."
Our ancestor Ymir Fritz obtained
the Power of the Titans
and tyrannized other peoples.
But 80 years ago, the once-great nation
of Marley won the Great Titan War...
...and the Empire of Eldia collapsed.
The empire's King Fritz built three huge
walls on their territory of Paradis
and took refuge there with his people.
However, not all of them came.
The remaining Eldians
abandoned on the mainland
were put in internment zones
and discriminated against.
In time, I became a member
of a revolutionary group called
the "Eldian Restorationists."
That is where I met Dina Fritz,
a woman of royal blood,
who blessed me with a son, Zeke.
And so, in order to restore the empire,
I raised Zeke to be a Marleyan warrior
in a plot for him to
inherit the Seven Titans.
However, Zeke betrayed us.
We're here.
This is... paradise.
That's right.
The penal colony of Eldian
traitors: Paradis Island.
This is where you'll
serve your life sentence.
As a Pure Titan, that is.
My comrades were turned into Titans.
And then, Dina, too.
Grisha, I...
No matter what form I take,
I promise I'll come and find you.
Dina!
Eren, calm down.
You're in the stockades.
You and Mikasa are serving time
for insubordination.
Were you having a nightmare, Eren?
Yeah... I was...
I feel like... I just woke up
from the longest dream ever.
No, not a dream...
Memories...
That Titan...
It was you...
Dina...
That day, I met the informant
who posed as a Marleyan officer...
...and leaked information
to the Restorationists.
From this man named the "Owl,"
I inherited Titan powers.
If the Founding Titan falls into
Marleyan hands, Eldia is done for.
The King in the walls wouldn't
allow that to happen.
The King in the walls won't fight.
Huh?
The King of the walls stole
his people's memories
and made them believe humanity
perished beyond the walls.
You must find that cowardly King
and strip him of the Founding Titan.
That is our mission.
Mr. Jaeger later achieved his mission
and entrusted the Founding
Titan to his son Eren.
Eren was able to control Pure Titans
in the past to escape a dire situation.
So it may be possible, even without royal
blood, for Eren to wield that power as well.
That's right...
Just for that split second,
it felt like everything connected.
My name is Dina Fritz.
I'm a descendant of the royal family.
If someone with royal blood
is made into a Titan that I touch,
it might be possible for me to use
the Founding Titan's powers.
That's right... It's just a possibility...
But if they knew of that possibility,
what would the military do to Historia?
Six years after the Colossal
Titan's first attack...
Refugees were permitted
to return to their hometowns
and the Scouts once again resumed
expeditions past Wall Maria.
Have a family.
Huh?
Your wife, your child,
your neighbors if need be...
Love someone inside the walls.
If you can't do that, it'll only repeat.
The same history... The same
mistakes... Over and over...
To save Mikasa, Armin, and everyone
else, you must see it through.
Mikasa? Armin? Who is that?
Who knows? I'm not sure...
Whose memories are those?
This is the place where Eldians
were made into Titans.
And... beyond that...
Look!
I told you, Eren!
A salt lake so big that merchants
could spend their whole lives
and still not get all the salt.
The stuff I talked about
wasn't wrong after all!
Yeah...
It's so damn big...
Look,
Eren! On the other side of the wall...
There's a sea.
On the other side of the sea... is freedom.
That's what I always believed.
But I was wrong.
On the other side of
the sea... are enemies.
Every part of this is exactly how
I saw it in my dad's memories.
Hey...
If we kill all our enemies... over there...
...will we finally... be free?